eight
No
16 something
no need to but running might display the
kiss on the red next to the pink here
just to hold the cue ball just slows the
cue ball down he sees hidden if you know
and also what it does has been a pending
to play whatever this is a trick runny
mum with Henry and possibly ding 25 they
see the shots so quickly
we're always extolling his virtues we
watch o'sullivan were one of the great
things about them as well as after Satan
wattles prolonged ones at that you can
score be 2 sometimes you get put off in
long safety bars to score immediately
after but doesn't bother Ronnie you
really just hit the ball sweetly 3859
that's the other thing when you're
sitting in the chair what you need to
score so quickly blink of an eye is 55
points behind a abdin 53 Peter now knows
he's facing the task of having to win
the remaining seven frames so just one
more red needed 60 61 manager occasional
chair clatters frame ball this is more
Oh Sutherland pace isn't it still at 15
seconds a shot 68 when you consider
there's been some safety played today
unless that's dropping as well that's
the that's the old tables is nest yet
once again Peter decided to to carry on
the central on points behind not too
many players would carry on from here
yeah thank you well he looked pedo lolis
defeat in that frame so 68 great there's
more than enough to run outside him to
go further clip at 93 now we saw Peter